As is as welcome to part three of the data science aitches that course as you have guessed from the
name this part is about data preparation.
Well Carol why are we spending so much time on daughter preparation you'll ask.
Well the reason is that from experience the work of a data scientist is at least 70 percent daughter
preparation.
On any given project.
And that's if you know what you're doing if you don't then it's probably much more than that.
And to be honest though a lot of course is out there they don't teach you that preparation.
You come in.
You learn to program you learn to build a model the door is nice and fluffy and everything goes smoothly
and then you're out in the real world.
Your first project and bam you get a code page error or a text qualifier error or a truncation or something
like that and you don't know what to do.
And it's like a slap in the face like what was all that training for.
Will this course fills that major gap.
I have been there I have seen the Good the Bad and The Ugly.
And I have an ethical duty to make sure that when you graduate this course you know how to deal with
real world data.
And that is exactly what we're going to be focusing on in this part of the course.
These sections are going to be extremely hard metaphorically speaking.
They're going to beat you to the ground and the data is going to be so cruel that you'll just want to
rip the hair out of your head and that's not all in these sections you're actually also going to have
homework homework when you're conscious full along the tutorial.
You have to do it all on your own and apply the skills that you've learned.
But the good news is that if you can succeed through these sections then you can succeed in the real
world.
Finally I wanted to mention that in this part of the course we'll be using Microsoft tools.
We'll be using the SAS and Eskew and by default most large companies also use Microsoft tools.
However if you find that your company doesn't use Microsoft tools and uses of their software then I
recommend that you still go through these tutorials and then later you can adapt what you've learned
to your tools because the main focus of these sections is not learning the tools.
It's rather learning the concepts learning the framework and learning the blueprints that we'll be using
for our daughter preparation process.
And I can't wait to see you on the first Tauriel of this part of the course.
Let's jump straight into